doc(test-vectors): improve the readme (#3525)
zama-ai/tfhe-rs: apps/test-vectors/data/README.md

| `lwe_after_spec_pbs` | LWE Ciphertext encrypting spec(A) after the sample extract operation on `glwe_after_spec_br`        | `LweCiphertext<Vec<u64>>`  | `spec(A)`            |

Ciphertexts with the `_karatsuba` suffix are generated using the Karatsuba polynomial multiplication algorithm in the blind rotation, while default ciphertexts are generated using an FFT multiplication.
Since Karatsuba operates purely on integers, it produces deterministic results regardless of the platform or compiler, making it easier to reproduce bit exact results.

### Encodings
#### Native encoding 

> Standard ciphertexts use 32 bit or 64 bit siphertext modulus as this is the size of the cpu register.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standard ciphertexts use 32 bit or 64 bit ciphertext modulus as this matches the native word size of the cpu.
```

For example taking a ciphertext modulus $q = 2^{64}$, a cleartext modulus $t = 2^{4}$, and a corresponding scaling factor $\Delta = 2^{59}$ (as a padding bit is used in the encoding), the cleartext integer value $m = 11$ is encoded as `0b0101100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000`.

> _Note:_ in the CBOR files, the structure contains a list of integers called `"data"`, representing the coefficients of the ciphertext(s) or the secret key bits.  This may be followed by additional parameter information, such as the `"ciphertext_modulus"`: the ciphertext modulus equals on of the native moduli (u32 or u64), the modulus is set to 0 in the CBOR file. For example, if values are stored on u64 integers, 0 would indicate a ciphertext modulus of $2^{64}$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note:_ in the CBOR files, the structure contains a list of integers called `data`, representing the coefficients of the ciphertext(s) or the secret key bits.  This is followed by additional parameter information, such as the `ciphertext_modulus`. `scalar_bits` is the size in bits of the integer type used to store the coefficients (u32 or u64). `modulus` is the ciphertext modulus.
When the ciphertext modulus is equal to the native range of the integer type defined in `scalar_bits`, it is represented as 0 in the CBOR file. For example, when using 64-bit integers, a `modulus` value of 0 indicates a ciphertext modulus of  $2^{64}$.
```
